what I'm about to show you isn't exactly
legal but legal doesn't necessarily mean
something is right anyway does it it's
legal to raise my subscription fees
whenever they want it's legal for them
to control how I use my own account and
the media I paid for it's legal for them
to keep showing me ads and steal my data
when I pay for the service and it's even
legal for them to take my money and
disappear into the night with my media
now piracy can be just taking things
without paying for them but sometimes
it's a little more noble than that
sometimes it's about taking control back
from the powers that be reasserting our
right to own the things that we've paid
for and use them however we please so I
beg you look at this big movie studio
exec it's blurred so you won't have any
ammunition for a dmca takedown but
believe me when I say that it's your
Blu-ray and I'm streaming it from my PC
to my phone because I don't care about
your rules and guess what I'm going to
take it one step further and show
everyone watching how to do it who knows
if you have a techsavvy nephew or
something you might even get them to
watch along and set it up for you it
truly is very convenient of course as
you know creating video costs money
though so I can't tell your nephew
anymore until we get through this
message from our sponsor MSI game like
it's going out of style with the mpg 341
CQ PX QD OLED monitor experience
gorgeous visuals Lightning Fast 0.03
millisecond response times and a 240 HZ
refresh Ray check it out using our link
to rip a Blu-ray all you need is the
disc a compatible drive like this one
from LG will'll have a full list link
down below and a computer or NZ with a
lot of free storage space start by
downloading and installing make MKV and
SDF tool flasher as well as the custom
firmware for your drive from the guide
that will also have links down below
then use SDF tool to flash your drive by
pointing it to the firmware you
downloaded next pop the dis in and use
make MKV to back it up making sure that
you select decrypt video files hit okay
and in about an hour you're going to
have a copy of your entire Blu-ray disc
that is tucked safely away in your
computer and you're done well sort of
you can play the full quality m2ts video
that's usually found in the bdmv slst
Stream folder the biggest one is going
to be your movie and the smaller ones
are usually going to be extras or
special features but if you want a more
broadly compatible file that will play
nicely with more devices we recommend
remuxing or re-encoding your video
remuxing means simply changing the
container of the video file without
altering the quality or size if you go
back a few steps you can actually choose
this option right in make MKV this is a
great choice especially for diss that
have playlist obfuscation as an
anti-piracy measure which could lead to
glitches or or your movie being split
into chunks apparently lion gate movies
are notoriously bad for this make MKV
can attempt to load the Blu-ray menu in
Java to help you sort which playlist
holds the correct files to remux but if
you're having issues there are resources
that would prefer to remain anonymous
but that can be found with a quick
Google search on a per movie basis but
if you want the whole dis on your drive
you can also use MKV tool NYX to convert
specific files to MKV for your personal
enjoyment if you want both better
compatibility and a smaller size though
a full re-encode with handbrake is the
way to go re-encoding means
fundamentally rearranging the ones and
zeros of the media file in a matter that
can shrink the video size but usually at
the expense of some quality to do this
open up handbrake and drag the entire
backup folder into the window let it
scan and when it's done use the drop-
down menu to select the Right video file
or files look for the ones that the
proper length then choose your export
preset this one is great for very high
quality Ultra HD but some of your
devices might play better with hvc
you'll have to play around with things a
little bit to see what works for you but
here are some starter presets there's a
lot more to fine-tune in here like audio
tracks uh the ability to keep or remove
certain languages of subtitles or even
burn them in uh we'd also recommend
changing the frame rate to same as
source and once you're done you can hit
go and wait anywhere from several
minutes to several days depending on on
your settings and Hardware once
everything's encoded up the way you like
you add it to your favorite self-hosted
video streaming library and that's it
you've got your own personal Netflix one
that can't be taken away from you and
never goes up in price but the
Simplicity of this whole process is a
little deceptive before these
userfriendly tools could be developed a
lot of hard work was done to break the
encryption of Blu-ray discs and of the
DVDs that came before them but that
wasn't always the case the difficulty
Cur has actually gone very easy very
hard back to very easy so how about a
fun little piracy history lesson in the
early 1980s when CDs were unveiled to
the world hard drives for home computers
were hovering around 10 megabytes of
total capacity to put that in
perspective it would take about this
many hard drives to store a single CD
album Sony and Phillips The Joint
creators of the CD standard didn't
bother to write any form of copy
protection into the specification
because the pricing of CDs was so
competitive compared to those hard
drives I mean what are you going to do
spend A4 million dollars on drives or
just head to the local Sam goodie for a
new $20 copy but by the early 2000s
things had changed CD burners had become
commonplace in home computers and the
price of storage had plummeted that
combined with the adoption of compressed
audio formats like MP3 the growth of
broadband internet and the rise of easy
to to use piracy networks like Napster
took music sharing mainstream by the
time things really reached the masses
DVDs had already been a thing for about
4 years but the makers had definitely
learned at least some lessons from CDs
there were many restrictions built into
the DVD specification that prevented
duplication and piracy however they were
relatively primitive and were ultimately
defeated by Brute Force attacks by the
time most new PCS shipped with a DVD
drive then libraries that could decrypt
DVDs were readily available you just
needed to know where to look Blu-ray on
the other hand took longer the copy
protection is vastly more sophisticated
even including the ability to revoke and
issue new encryption Keys through new
discs but the industry was also going up
against much more powerful computers in
the hands of much more experienced
hackers it's an arms race that the
studios can't possibly hope to win in
the long term speaking of long-term
that's reason number one why we made
this video and why we think you should
be ripping your Blu-rays Mass failure of
entire generations of optical media is
coming and it's coming really soon due
to something called disc Rod Blu-rays
actually have the shortest expected
lifespan of any commercial disc format
yet at only 5 to 20 years and while hard
drives and ssds also fail sometimes even
faster once you've backed up your discs
it's much easier to move that data
around and back up your backups reason
number two is video quality streaming
services are absolutely a viable
alternative to get convenient access to
your media but to hit their profit
Targets in a very competitive industry
they've made serious compromises to
picture quality a 4K Blu-ray can go as
high as 144 megabit per second whereas
most streaming services are currently
sitting under 20 now most of the time
it's fine
but as TVs get bigger or as you get to
those ever more popular underexposed
dark
scenes the lack of detail and the
graininess can take you right out of the
drama and that's even ignoring the loss
in audio quality I get it and coding
efficiency has come a long way in the
last decade but no it's not enough to
make up for that sweet sweet raw data
number three if you're buying your
Blu-rays to rip you will actually be
better rewarding the movies that you
actually like and this one is probably
the most important point the best movies
rarely have the best box office returns
but in the past home sales have rewarded
those filmmakers that took a risk and
couldn't find an audience in the
multiplexes of yester year and at the
time the accepted wisdom was that a
movie only really needed to double its
reported budget to remain profitable
this is due to marketing budgets often
matching that of production budgets not
to mention the fact that a theater takes
a lot of the gross receipts
however it's been suggested in recent
years that to break even the required
box office Target is now more like a
factor of three or four as streaming
services have caught a whole out of the
Post Theater profits now I sure as heck
don't miss paying $30 for one movie but
it's also important to actually support
the creators making the content you love
if you ever want to see any more of it
as content creators ourselves we rely on
multiple means of supporting ourselves
ads subscriptions and the fine
merchandise on LTT store.com like the
insert merch promo of the week here well
we'll have something that pops up anyway
I realized that my take on this stuff is
a little more nuanced than the average
redditor is going to be able to process
but I'm definitely not anti-piracy you
do whatever lets you sleep at night I've
always said that I just feel that it's
my responsibility to paint the complete
Corsair canvas um Studies have shown
conflicting reports on the damages of
copyright infringement on creative
Industries for example an EU study often
disproportionately cited by proponents
of piracy shows that video game sales
actually go up as a result of piracy
presumably due to increased Word of
Mouth however of 34 academically
reviewed studies pertaining to piracy 29
of them have found that online copyright
infringement causes statistically
significant harm to legitimate sales
only five studies found no harm to
legitimate sales in fact that same
popular EU study that seems to validate
game piracy showed that both the book
and movie Industries have suffered due
to piracy especially when it came to
newer movies so in this endgame
corporately driven Society we know that
only your money speaks and divesting
from the services that are proud to
announce they now use only 30% machine
judgment to Greenlight their shows is a
good first step but you may also wish to
invest in the things you want to see
more of so also kind of fulfilling to
own a piece of what you love and yes I
unironically Love Despicable Me deal
with it that's reason number four under
the current state of digital laws you
don't own anything you're more or less
leasing the right to access the content
and that applies even to digital
purchases of full movies from services
like Prime uh Apple or Google TV when
you read the terms of service these
platform holders reserve the right to
revoke that access on a whim huge l I
mean luckily most platforms that have
tried this have faced a backlash so
severe that they had to backtrack but
that is at best a temporary dou and I
wouldn't count on it to last that last
bit is a big part of why buying this
stupid piece of plastic is so much
better Sony is not going to be able to
enter your home and blend up your copy
of morbius despite probably wishing that
they could another big one is special
features the behind the scenes from The
Lord of the Rings box set literally set
one of our production guys who happens
to to be the one filming this video on
his current career path that stuff is
dead on streaming platforms I mean yeah
some studios still produce short making
of documentaries about their films that
auto play as the credits role but they
almost never feel as raw and plain
awesome as the old ones or as awesome as
the segue to our sponsor back Blaze back
Blaze is an affordable and easy to ous
Cloud backup solution that starts at
just $9 a month they make it simple by
allowing you to backup almost anything
from your Mac or PC and access it
anywhere in the world with their web and
mobile apps you can easily protect
business data too through a centrally
managed admin and an Enterprise control
add-on giving you even greater control
over endpoint backups back blazs also
lets you restore your data by web or
even by mail they will ship you a hard
drive with your data on it right to your
door and when you're done you can return
the hard drive to them for a refund and
if you're worried about accidentally
deleting files you can increase your
retention history to one year for free
with over 55 billion files restored and
three exobytes of data under their
management back blazs has got you
covered they even have us covered we
actually back up our servers to back
Blaze nightly so don't wait sign up and
get a 15-day free trial with no credit
card required today at back blaze.com
LT if you guys love sailing The
Forbidden Seas hey give this video a
thumbs up and maybe if you're looking
for something else to watch go check out
the one where we compared Plex and jelly
fin a couple of the aforementioned
personal Netflix services that we really
love around here